[Order]
Somewhere between eight and twenty-six feet tall… oh, mine apologies. Erm… might I have a {item} with a side of columnfee… coffee… yeah.
[End]

[Success]
Aaah… that was truly satisfying. Good body… good structure. I daresay even the great Socrates could not question this conclusion!
[End]

[Failure]
Of all things that art built and constructed upon this earth… there is nothing constructed as poorly as this… or some such.
[End]

[Story]
Greetings. I am curious… Hast thou ever truly loved something of thine? In the same manner one might love thy own child?
I hath.
Hast thou ever laid eyes upon a building erected in the classical Greek or Roman style? The temple in Athens, for instance?
The columns… the ionic columns instilled within those sorts of structures art of mine own design.
They art a thing of beauty, no? All between eight and twenty-six feet tall, traditionally.
Every modern column would cease to exist if not for me… but it matters not.
Thou hast never heard of me… the records hath shunned me… I believe I ought to return back to mine columns now.
[End]

[Story]
G-good morrow, canst thou help me ponder something?
How can it be that mine passion beareth no fruit, no matter the love I pour upon it? 
Mine columns wert, no, ART everything to me. Cannot anyone understand that?
Is the world blind to mine efforts? 
The very castles from which thine rulers reign art built in MINE OWN style and yet… it is shunned in favor of some… plebian affair?
…Ah, my apologies. I ought not to burden thee with mine own insufficiencies. I am told that a profession has spawned from such actions today…
Mine columns… indeed, I ought to return to mine columns.
[End]

[Story]
Day's greetings, spirit. Might I ask thee a question?
Thou art always working, it seems. Dost thou, perhaps, share a passion like mine own? For making? For creation?
But I must inquire, what is there to be so fond of within the realm of coffee and tea?
Thine goods are intended to be consumed, no? Does this not suggest thine opus shalt never withstand the torrent of time?
Thou wilt place thine heart… thine very soul into this… knowing it will avail thee nothing? Tis' madness! The very idea…
You… care not about the product? Speak plainly, if you would.
How canst thou pour so much dedication into thine craft, when the outcome matters not?
About something else, thou sayeth? What… What could possibly exist that wouldst warrant such effort? I must ponder this further.
[End]

[Story] 
Greetings, noble spirit. 
Aye… I have returned. I hath pondered upon thine… peculiar method of thought, and I believe I understand it now.
Prithee, correct me if I stray, but mayhaps thine passion is one which is built within people?
Thine physical craft may disappear into the bodies of ghosts, yet it builds itself into the mortar of their hearts and minds… forever intertwined with their souls. Is that why thou hast toiled so?
…I see. Thou hath no grand design?
'Tis solely the love of the craft that drives you so?
Yet, the effect that thine works hath upon the spirits that dwell in this cafe cannot be understated.
Thou denieth thine passion, yet it is clear that thou hold thine profession close to thine heart. Harken unto my words, dearest Cafe Ghost, for now I shall provide unto thee a ponderance of mine own.
For what, pray tell, dost thou toil?
Dost thou toil for the sake of the other ghosts, or dost thou satisfy thy own craving with thine craft? I know not.
I will return anon, ponder as thou wilt.
[End]

[Story]
Good morrow, cafe ghost.
Hast thou pondered upon the query which I presented to thee?
Ah, thou hath answered well, thine mind produceth a glorious foundation from which to build- a foundation ripe with the potential for columns to be constructed upon it, especially ones of the ionic school of archi- oh, tarry me not, I merely jest.
Speaking plainly, I believe my time here shalt come to an end shortly.
I… believe that my post-life hath been indelibly altered by thee, and I have been commissioned by that peculiar monocle-wearing ghost to oversee a 'bloody beautiful construction project'.
A rather odd way of speaking, he doth possess.
As for thou, just as the great Odysseus wandered for ten years, thou wilt no doubt do the same.
What remains undeniable, no matter how many moons pass, is that passion which shalt find thee, and rest within thine heart.
Farewell, noble specter.
[End]