[Order]
Urgh… one {item}, please… I need to fuel my SoulCode grind somehow…
[End]

[Success]
This somehow makes me feel… something? I think you pulled me out of my sleep deprivation coma. Thanks.
[End]

[Failure]
I… how could you betray me like this. I’m… a broke college student, you know?
Tuition to pay, money to fuel my soul… and now my money has gone to waste.
I can’t believe my savings for this and got me absolutely nothing but the lifeless husk of a treat similar to my own state of being.
[End]

[Story]
Ah… yeah, I’ve been told to touch some grass more.
I’m not really ready to go run around and play in the fields or whatever “normal” people do, but I’ve heard conversations are a good start to get out of whatever coma I was in.
I’m CS Major ghost… at least as far as I remember.
The grind’s been hard, but apparently it was enough to let me end up here… ish?
I’m not too sure, but I’ve been too busy catching up on sleep now that I have the time.
It’s… been nice, but I don’t really know what to do.
Anyway, it was good chatting with you. Maybe I’ll use our dialogue in the next application I create… if I ever decide to create again.
[End]

[Story]
You know, I used to cut out a bunch of things for CS.
Who cares about sleep when you have SoulCode, grades, and 5 projects to worry about?
I mean, I didn’t just need the degree - I needed a guaranteed job. 
I think I got my degree? I don’t know, I blacked out before I could even process what was going on.
Anyway, I tried to look into technology over here, but any kind of electricity from technology was fake and devices just played what the person needed to play, so what’s the point?
I mean, I can still use my laptop and make things… but why would I? And now, without CS driving me anywhere… what do I do?
No, seriously - what do I do? I could… pfft… be in a play?? Go do arts and crafts?? Hah! I’m a CS Major, how could I possibly be creative??
Hah… haha… hah… how can I even find something to do if my only skill is useless here?
Eh, whatever - time to go crash at home, that’s enough touching grass for today.
[End]

[Story]
Oh God, how does one talk to women?
I always dreamed of getting all the women in the world I wanted, and since I’m… dead… I might as well try everything I can to fill in the void.
Just replace grinding SoulCode for… uh… farming women?
No, I probably shouldn’t say that… uh… again, how does one talk to women?
This is why I turned to CS - computers are so much easier to understand.
Maybe because they’re just machines I can program to interact with me exactly how I wanted to, and I just wanted to play God and be someone in control of everything.
Wow… I sound like a Philosophy major. No, I’m a CS major… but I’m dead, physically and mentally, and Computer Science is useless here.
Anyway, women.
How does one… actually, the effects of my sleep deprivation are really strong right now.
I’ll figure out how to talk to women from GhostTube tutorials or something… it shouldn’t be that hard, right?
[End]

[Story]
I think I’m crashing out.
I think I’ve associated traits that I should embody, like introspection and creativity, and associated them into majors and mocked them so I could feel better about my own CS major path.
And what does my CS major contain, exactly?
Me working myself to the bone until I died?
I BLACKED OUT, Cafe Ghost!
I blacked out from stress and pain and overexertion and I decided to ruin myself and program myself to feel nothing except a falsified ego over a major that did absolutely nothing but drive me to no self-care, self-preservation, or self-meaning!
Who… who the heck am I?
What is my purpose?
What do I do when my one and only ambition gets yanked out of my hands??
Now I understand why people try to escape from the world - when you have nothing, you have to cope somehow and play God one last time, and now I’m coping with the reality that the world I built is meaningless.
I guess I escaped anyway, but what - what the heck do I do??
Yeah, you know what, I’m just going to go back home and stare at the wall. I can’t do this right now.
[End]

[Story]
…okay, so I talked to the Reaper.
They talked about… self-love.
I think I neglected that and people in my life for school, and now I have no social intelligence or social life in general.
That void… I filled it with the CS major grind, but to what avail?
Heh, Actor Ghost taught me that phrase.
Talking to the Humanities majors - I mean, the experts in the Arts - made me realize how much joy they have… they aren’t as consumed by the absolute absence of life I have.
I think it also made me realize why I chose Computer Science in the first place - I love problem-solving.
I can still problem-solve here at the construction site or any one of Tycoon Ghost’s buildings… I just get to apply them differently.
And maybe… maybe, I can get my joy back from giving myself as much time as possible to finish things I like to do instead of being pressed for time for assignments I may or may not want to do.
Maybe… breaks are okay.
And… I just should make more time for myself.
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go outside and talk to my… acquaintances? Friends? Yeah… hopefully we’ll be friends soon. Thank you.
[End]
