[Order]
Ughhh, that court case knocked the wind out of me… may I have an {item} to lift my spirits, please? 
[End]

[Success]
WOAH! I didn’t know how badly I needed this. I gotta go to the court hearing, but thank you for making me the best thing I’ve had this morning.
[End]

[Failure]
This case has been hell on earth - or I guess, hell in the afterlife - and this didn’t really help me as much as I thought it would.
Thanks for trying, but I’ve gotta get back to solving this case… again…
[End]

[Story]
Hey, I’ve been meaning to ask you a couple questions. No, I’m not trying to interrogate you about a murder - you would know if I was, and nobody really gets murdered here.
Have you heard anything about… a dog?
I don’t even remember anything about my passing, and I just really hope he’s alright. I really hope I didn’t order a hot chocolate back then - my dog loves to try and steal my drinks.
Anyway, I don’t mean to interrupt your services to others… thanks for your time. 
[End]

[Story]
Being a lawyer down here is fascinating.
Every case down here, such as theft or divorce, has a nicer and more clearcut set of rules than it was when I was alive.
Speaking of life… have you heard anything about my dog? Things are kind of hazy, but I remember a storm… did I die in a flood? A hurricane?
No, it couldn’t be a hurricane - I would’ve known about it a week in advance and left… right?
I… I need to think more about this. Thank you for your time. 
[End]

[Story]
Relationships are a funny thing.
I just settled a divorce case a few moons ago, and the wife was furious that she didn’t get the kid but took all the property.
The husband was too tired to care… did he even notice his kid, the one thing he had been fighting for, on the side?
He looked like he hadn’t rested in so long, endlessly fighting for his dog… wait, no, that’s not right. He fought for his kid, not his dog… ah.
I really did need my cafe fix if I mixed up my dog with a kid.
Well, at least they still have some sense of value and love.
The only thing I have left is my life’s work, and honestly, I should be content with just that.
Yet… you know you’re the only ghost that looks at me in the eye? The rest of them think I’m going to persecute them in court or interrogate them for a crime or even… take a bribe??
What kind of ghost do they think I am - I need to calm down. Thanks for your time, again.
[End]

[Story]
Is there really a point to being a lawyer here?
I’ve seen bankers switch to partying and partygoers switch to business… maybe I can just go hide in the corner where nobody will even dare look at me.
So many ghosts were wronged by society and the court, and I’m probably just their living embodiment of regret… but I digress.
I’ve been thinking a lot about my previous life. I’m pretty sure I did die in a hurricane… I was probably so tired and determined to finish the case that I ignored all warnings and stayed.
Maybe if I was more efficient at my casework, I could have heeded the warning before?
But my poor, poor dog… He was just a little pup who wanted love.
I loved him, I did… I just couldn’t love or take care of myself.
Others didn’t see me for me and saw the reflection of society, so I poured my self-worth into my work… but at what cost?
I need to find my dog.
Please tell me if you find him. Thank you for your time. 
[End]

[Story]
I finally found my boy… or Dog Ghost, as he goes by now.
He told me that he just waited for me to come back from the tree falling on me, and when he realized I was gone… he just sat by my body and curled up next to me until he passed, too.
I… don’t think I can ever forgive myself for leaving him like that.
But you know what?
In all of my self-deprecation and prejudice, I found that it’s okay and almost necessary to rely on others.
My mistakes are a part of my journey, and  I need to love myself first before I can love others.
I think I’m going to take a break from the lawyer stuff for a bit to work on myself.
Well, before I self-reflect some more, I need to meet Dog Ghost for a cup of mocha - ironically, he loves chocolate.
Thanks for your time.
[End]

[Story]
Hello again, and thanks for believing in me.
Even though I’ve been unsure of a lot of things since I got here, I know I want to be a lawyer.
I have all the time in the world to solve cases here, so I don’t need to push myself the way I did back then.
This is a new world, where justice is untouched by corruption - all I have to do is ensure that ghosts can get the justice they deserve.
Dog Ghost can be my partner attorney, the ace up my sleeve. With his distinct sense of smell and my deduction skills, we’ll be unstoppable!
We’ll restore justice to humanity the way the creation of the law intended to.
I truly can’t wait - thanks for listening to me, even if I just blabbed at you like you were my therapist. It means a lot to me.
Now, go serve your other customers - I’m sure you’ll help them as much as you’ve helped me. 
[End]
